map layers to include:
	sea level rise projection
	high tide flooding - from noaa
	landcover - landsat?

minimum priorities:
	email newsletter is least necessary
	content moderation
	would need a way to report abusive content: could just be an email. swislrrcn@gmail.com

maybe odn't worry about remote sense prodcts showing up on map
	think about other solutions that could replace map viewing content. just "global" "national" etc.
	maybe leverage google maps or something so we don't have to do too much gis stuff

researcher verification is key
	
--------------

X	cant make comments as normal user
X	can't even click the comment link as an admin?
x	keep overlays on top
x	fix text/button color on map points
X	moderation
X	story submission
X		only allow one gps point
X		remove the textbox that shows the GPS points being selected
X	can't create bio until verified user
X	uninstall olivero!
X	map broken
X	need to include username in story card
X	save button is in wrong place when submitting a pub. other data types?
X	node pages for publications (click popup link) are cruddy. others too?
X		some headers are links?
X	fill out pub popups
X	publicatoins view has no sorting/filtering at all
X	"contribute" buttons need space before
0	say why cant proceed if no map selection
	
----
0	forum!
X	dataset management
X		fix multiple points on map popup rendering
X		change language about multiple popups on the publications form
X		wire up geojson for publications
X		copy over and adapt for datasets
X		do not require dataset to be uploaded. in fact, prefer a link
X		why does it ask for lat/long bounds?
X		save button wrong place
X		need link in navbar
X		file upload not working
X		title not appearing in table
X		still says 10mb limit when actually uploading
X		global/regional/local/other (if location based)
X			not a required field
----
before publish:
	restore these as the recipients of moderation emails: emily.bernhardt@duke.edu, odonnellk25@ecu.edu, spencer.rhea@duke.edu
X		use composer.lock at top level for this?
X		backup db and sites/default/files
0		but i want to wipe the db ultimately
X		need volumes for sites/default/files (and private files if i ever need them)
	update docker-compose.yaml with the name of my image after i build it
X	ensure that caddy container starts on reboot
https://medium.com/@sohail_saifi/from-zero-to-deployment-deploying-a-dockerized-app-to-digitalocean-8279810f0214
	automated backups
	log aggregation
	health check
	vulnerability check
	troubleshooting
	downsize droplet?
X	still need smtp??
0	didn't even need post-Install script last time
change "adhoc emails" in config -> workflow -> cont mod notify: emily.bernhardt@duke.edu,spencer.rhea@duke.edu,odonnellk25@ecu.edu

bugs:
X		apostrophe in username registers as escaped html
X		people are still able to draw boundaries around whole usa. how to prevent?
X		maybe need a little counter for "regional", "national", "global" datasets
0		navbar links not included in config? what else isn't included?
X		feedback link is invisible at bottom
X			also a drupal link in footer
X		maybe publications and stories should be filterable by region too
X		add extension/outreach domain to the registration
	forum time has come - tags (or too much moderation?)
X		dataset cascading comment section? if doesn't exist, could
	job postings would go to google group? but now there are two swislr places, so we could one day consolidate

X	package fixes (get them under control of composer)
X	security updates
X	contrib updates
X	db dump on remote
X	do i actually want to CP that drush/drush.yml in Dockerfilen now?
X	successful rebuild
ufw still needs to be run on container?
0	tell emily and kiera not to update anything!

X	on dev:
X		run through initial build steps, then see if we can debug
X		are the pictures still broken on prod? how can i make sure they survive db rebuild?
after prod merge: edit publication spatial extents
